1.  Short Description

The app is called Grow Together. Here, people can add their daily activities, create a planner and grow a flower/plant each day.
In this era of fast living, procrastination can lead to missed opportunities and unnecessary stress.
But with Grow Together, we offer a refreshing approach on time management, by providing a platform that helps you unwind and learn how to prioritize each day. 
People can add/edit/delete and marked as complete their daily activities, in order to create a personalized planner.
The centerpiece of our app is the virtual garden where users can cultivate a flower or plant each day. 
This digital garden symbolizes personal growth and progress, serving as a tangible representation of their accomplishments.
Join us in cultivating a better future for yourself, one day at a time. 

2. Domain Details

Each add has 5 fields: title, details, time, goal, emotion
All of them are to be set initally by the person.

title: A simple title that will describe the activity
details: A more detailed description of each activity 
time: The aproximate time of the day, when the task should be completed (ex: 1pm-5pm)
goal: The bigger goal this task is gonna help with.
emotion: How completing this task will make the person feel.

3. CRUD

Add: In the main page there is a list with all the 'to dos' and above them is a button for adding. If you click it you will be taken to a new page with fields that must be completed.
Here, a person can add their new daily activity. After they fill in all the fields, the new 'to do' will be ready to be added to the main page.

Update: In order to edit an activity, you must click on it in the main page. Here, a page with all the details will be shown, and 2 buttons, one for save and one for delete.

Delete: In the same page with the edit option, you have a button saying "delete task"
Once you no longer consider you should complete a task, you can delete it by clicking this button. You will be asked if you are sure, just for confirmation.

Next to each daily activity there is a 'checked button'. when the person clicks it, a new flower begins its growing process or continues growing

4. Persistence details

All the operations will have to be persisted on the database.
   
5. Offline device details

When offline, the application lets the user to read, add, remove and modify entries locally.
In this way, changes will persist only locally in the database:
-the entities created are stored in the local database
-the update operation works for the locally stored entities
-the delete operation is performed on the local database
When the device is online, the data that was persisted locally will be pushed to the server, and the other features will work as planned.




